AST-3311 - Fix: Accessibility improvement in payment icon/images section. (#5225)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.1.7 (Unreleased)
- Improvement: New Astra dashboard CTA banner for Starter Template installation.

> - Fix: Issue where alt tags were not rendering for SVG images on the product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Single Product - alt tag absent while rendering images for the WooCommerce payments.
```
